hey guys Georgia here and welcome to an
episode of learn to fingerboard and
today's episode we're going to teach you
how to do a kickflip on a finger board
alright so the kickflip is the first
flip trick you'll probably you want to
learn how to do it's probably the most I
would say that easiest but it's
definitely the most basic flip trick you
should know and I'll help you with all
the other trick other flip tricks you
wanna do
so yeah the kickflip is pretty much the
motion where your board flips once
towards your palm of your hand and it
does one full flip and then you just
like before you learn how to kickflip
you probably want to already know how to
do a nice and solid ollie
once you get your Ollie's nice and solid
and consistent and a pretty good height
you should be pretty set to do how to do
a kickflip
into the finger positioning I like to
have my in my middle finger on the tail
nice and solid in the middle just like
how you would do for a nollie and for
your index finger I usually like to have
it pretty much just like an ollie to
just right in between the middle of the
board and behind the front truck so it's
just like about here
so overall your finger booth positioning
should be around this you don't have to
do it like it's kickflip I escaped or
were you front finger is hanging off a
bit you could just do it just like a
normal ollie and because the how to do a
kickflip is pretty much all in your
wrist flick so yeah let's get into that
it's so the motion of the kickflip is
pretty explanatory I would think just
like me ollie what you want to do is
roll up just roll up regular cuz they're
doing a regular kickflip just set
yourself up like a normal ollie
and then you're going pop the tail the
board's going go up automatically you're
going to slide your hand and fingers up
gripping the board just like ollie
and once you're up in the air you're
going to want to when once you're
bringing your board up with your fingers
that's when you want to kind of twist
your wrist kind of like how you would
open a doorknob just give that a little
twist or like bring your hand slightly
towards you and that little flicking
motion will get the board to flip and
once the board flips you just have to
watch watch it and wait till I makes it
a full rotation and then you just put
your hands back on and just like so yeah
it's pretty much just like a normal
skateboard kickflip you're just going to
pop the tail slide your fingers up and
once you're sliding up and you're in the
air that's when you want to flick out
you don't have to like do it it's not
like a finger motion it's kind of it is
all in your wrist in town where you do
the flick and I'll get the board a flip
and then you just like so you can't
really I can't really get much more into
detail on how to do this trick some good
way to practice it is just making sure
just practicing maybe like the flicking
motion in your hand and then pretty much
it's all practice you just want once you
define once you're able to do it one so
I'm pretty sure you'll be able to do it
every time because it's all in your
muscle memory once you once you practice
it enough and you get a flick of your
wrist all coordinated and you could
catch your board then you print your
hands will pretty much know how to do it
and yeah I just can't stress out enough
on making sure you have a really solid
Ollie you can't have like an ollie where
you just like that because you won't get
enough air
time for the board to actually do the
flip you wanna make sure you have a nice
solid ollie so that when you slide your
foot finger up and you flick out that
the board actually evens out and does
the full flip and you can land it they
look really nice so yeah that's pretty
much it on how to do the kick flip on a
finger board if you have any questions
just post a comment in the description
in the comment boxes below and I will
probably most definitely get back to you
on that so yeah thanks for watching stay
tuned for the next episode of how to
learn to finger board and yeah see you
guys next time
later